Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[LUCY SCHWARTZ'
"BEAUTIFUL" PLAYING]
♪ Wake up It's a beautiful day ♪
♪ A bit early
But I like it that way ♪
♪ You stop looking
And it falls into place ♪
♪ So here I am ♪
♪ Slow down
We keep moving too fast ♪
♪ Live now before the moment ♪
♪ Has passed you by ♪
♪ Bye. baby ♪
♪ Let's make it last ♪
♪ Yeah. here I am ♪
♪ I'm feeling beautiful ♪
♪ Today ♪
♪ Let's go take the world
For a spin ♪
♪ Water's warm
And we're gonna jump in ♪
♪ To it ♪
♪ Can't wait for the rest
To begin ♪
♪ Oh. here I am ♪
♪ I'm feeling beautiful ♪
♪ I'm feeling beautiful Today ♪
WOMAN: Get that thing away.
Has that ugly mutt
had its shots?
Go for the shoes. bad shoes.
Last season's markdowns.
Oh. I never...
It's okay. sweetie.
There's a word
for a woman like that.
And it's rarely used
outside a kennel.
[DOG BARKS]
♪ Feeling beautiful today ♪
WOMAN: Okay. puppy. five
minutes to shop the first floor. Go.
[♪♪♪]
Here?
That's right.
WOMAN 1:
Do you know about that list?
No.
It's like that.
but you know. I...
WOMAN 2: Oh. I need some blush.
WOMAN 3: Girl. I gotta be...
[SIGHS]
Complimentary sampler of our new
cream with any $25 purchase.
How about you?
Would you like to get a face lift
in a jar?
This is my face. deal with it.
[GROANING]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
[SIGHS]
Hey. Sylvie.
I'm looking at a woman right now
who should be in my magazine.
Caption: "There's a fine line
between an outfit and a getup."
[LAUGHS]
Where are you right now?
You're not shopping. are you?
Of course. I deserve it.
I was in my office
at 6 this morning.
I love Saturdays at the office.
No one there to distract me.
Hey. shouldn't you be
on your way here right now?
What time is it. anyway? Ugh!
Mary. what are you doing?
Are you having sex?
Would I be
on the phone with you?
[LAUGHS]
Don't answer that.
I'm on my way upstairs
for a manicure.
What time
is your little 'do today?
Oh. for the third time.
12:30. okay?
And do not be late. Sylvie.
I need you here.
Please. when am I ever late?
I'll see you 12:30-ish?
No. no. no "ish."
No "ish."
[LAUGHS]
WOMAN: Hi. welcome to
Saks. Would you like to try...?
Hello. Ms. Fowler.
how have you been?
Aretha needs water.
Sparkling or still?
Whatever.
She drinks out of the toilet.
Tanya's ready for you.
Ms. Fowler.
SYLVIE: Are you Tanya?
Yeah. that's me. Have a seat.
Seriously. that's your name?
Or are you really Susie
from Brooklyn?
If it's a long story. don't
tell me. 'cause I'm in a hurry.
Well. I was born Eileen.
if you wanna know the truth.
Then I went to this numerologist
who said that if I wanted
to change my life.
I should change my name.
I was working at Mr. Ronnie's
on Astoria Boulevard.
Do you know it?
I don't get out to Queens
as much as I'd like.
Well. the exact day
that I changed my name.
a limousine pulls up
in front of the shop.
You're never gonna believe
who gets out. Madonna.
I have to be at a luncheon at 1.
Anyway. I can't believe it.
I look at her nails. thinking.
"What kind of butcher did this?"
So I gave her a manicure like
she's never had in this life.
Switch. I use my own polish.
I mix my own colors.
I have a gift.
The luncheon's in Connecticut.
That's a whole other state.
I put Jungle Red on her
that day. I'll never forget it.
The next thing. Saks is calling
me saying Madonna's raving
about my manicure
and do I want a job?
So you wanna try my Jungle Red?
Hm. Not bad.
I put this polish
on one of the girls
who works behind
the perfume counter.
She just moved to town.
and then bang.
she's having an affair
with a married man.
Who isn't?
If you can't speed this up.
I'm gonna have to come back.
What's your Wednesday like?
Oh. I'll check.
The married-man thing
is tricky. isn't it?
I mean. especially
when the guy's well-known.
He's some big hoo-hah
on Wall Street.
I can never remember that
guy's name. Everybody knows him.
Wednesday. Wednesday... Haines.
That's it. something Haines.
It wouldn't. by any chance.
be Stephen Haines. would it?
Uh. yeah. that's it.
Uh. Wednesday. 11 or 2?
You know. Wednesday isn't good.
I think I'd better get
this taken care of now.
Oh. great. Okay.
So you're telling me
that Stephen Haines
is having an affair
with a salesgirl?
What do you think
that's all about?
Ha. If you ever saw
Crystal Allen.
you wouldn't have to ask.
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
[PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
WOMAN:
Yes. buzz. buzz. I hear you.
I swear to God.
it scares me to come here.
I'll be a few minutes.
I parked on 78th Street in front
of a vacuum-cleaner store.
Don't let me forget.
Why would you forget?
Well. I... I just heard
something. Edie.
It was very disturbing.
I don't know.
I almost rear-ended somebody
on the way over here.
April. give Mommy her hat.
May. teach June how
to French braid her hair
like Mommy taught you.
And. hello.
don't we say hi to Aunt Sylvie?
Hi. kids.
No way!
[CRYING] I don't want to.
They love you. they love you.
She scares me.
Dora. I'm getting ready
to leave.
I have a splitting headache.
Do you have aspirin?
Sylvie. what did you hear?
And where is my purse?
GIRL: Come here. June.
Wait. what's that supposed
to be?
Oh. I'm painting now.
Painting? Wait. what...
What about the pottery thing?
Weren't you taking
some puppet-making class?
Let me tell you something.
Weird crowd of people.
the puppet people.
I'd go insane living here.
I don't know how Alan does it.
Oh. Alan moved out.
Whoa. what?
Oh. it's okay.
He's down in a studio
on the eight floor.
I thought he could use
a little space.
Dora!
Let's just go. I can't focus.
Dora?
Will you drive?
Uh. Sylvie. whatever you heard.
if it's about anybody
we know. I...
Don't tell me. I mean it.
Of course I won't tell you.
It's too personal.
It's about someone we know.
isn't it?
Mrs. Edie. we're running low
on breast milk.
Oh. I have the...
I have the pump in my bag.
It plugs into the cigarette
lighter in the car.
Well. forget it.
you're not driving.
How are you today.
little Miss January?
[CRYING]
How are you?
Oh. forget it. let's go.
[♪♪♪]
[DOG BARKING]
MARY: Lucy. Lucy.
Lucy. sit. stay. lay down.
Hey. Maggie. did you remember
to polish the silver
for the. uh...?
Lunch?
Yes. lunch.
Yeah. yes. ma'am.
Oh. boy.
Oh. how did it get to be noon?
I have 60 women
on their way here for lunch.
I haven't even showered.
Did you remember
to pick up my dry cleaning?
Yes. I remembered
to pick up your dry cleaning.
What is wrong with this picture?
How lovely. Thank you.
Okay. dog. clean.
Bread. flowers and...
Oh... Hey. um. do you know where
the. uh. thing that I made
with the whatsits
around the edge?
The bowl with the freesias.
Yeah. where is that?
Right in front of you.
Oh. yeah. I think the tortellini
will fit in that.
What do you think. Uta?
Oh. look at this.
The face of the Virgin Mary
appeared on a rag
at a car wash in Los Angeles.
Hard to believe
that you were born in a country
that hands out the Nobel Prize.
That's Sweden. How many times
do I have to tell you?
I'm Danish.
Like the pastry.
Mom. what's going on?
Hey. honey.
You're supposed to help me
with my report.
Oh. my God.
I just completely forgot.
I'm so sorry.
It's due Monday.
Yes. but today is the luncheon
for the park. I'm co-chair.
Which is more important to you?
Some piece of grass
or my education?
Molly. I don't know
why you save these things
till the last minute. honestly.
Uta can help you
with your book report.
That's her job.
[UTA GASPS]
Nicole Kidman has cellulite.
Where? Let me see.
MAGGIE: They drew that in.
Let's just. um. do it...
We'll finish it after the lunch.
No. we can't.
because I have to finish the...
Sketches.
Sketches. which are late.
Then I've to pick up the...
Airline tickets.
Why do you save these things
for the last minute?
Molly Jane Haines.
is that any way
to talk to your mother?
Chocolate macadamia cookies.
[SALIVATES]
No. that's like five points.
Since when do you count
calories?
Since I'm fat.
[LAUGHING]
Since you're fat? Oh. honey.
you're not fat. you're perfect.
I'll just do
the book report myself.
Now. go take a shower.
Oh. yeah.
She thinks she's fat.
Oh. oh. your father called.
He wants you
to have lunch with him
when you come back
from your vacation.
My father wants
to have lunch with me?
Don't remember the last time he
wanted to have lunch.
He said it was important.
Oh. Maggie. I think I know
what this is about.
I think he's getting ready
to hand me the business.
Know how long I've been waiting?
The business?
Years. you've been waiting.
Just years.
BOTH: Oh. my God.
Oh. Lucy. Lucy. Lucy.
off. off. off.
Molly. how many times have
I told you.
no dogs on the bed?
Lucy. off. Go on.
Hey. Mom?
Yeah.
How come you design clothes
you wouldn't be caught dead in?
Oh. well. that's what
your grandfather manufactures.
Those are his customers.
but they're not gonna be mine.
What's this?
That is a travel coffee filter.
[BARKS]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Here they come.
The population of Salem
has just dropped.
[RINGING PERSISTS]
All right. all right.
keep your Wonderbras on.
SYLVIE: It's just a mess now.
Who knows
if it's gonna come out?
It's a brand-new Lexus.
Of course it's gonna come out.
It's from nature.
Just calm down.
She splattered breast milk
over the dashboard.
Do you have a rag?
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah. here.
Maggie. Maggie.
can you please put this
in the refrigerator for me?
I'll put it right next
to the 2-percent.
Okay. thank you.
Oh. my God.
I can't believe you're here.
You know what?
I don't know that I've
ever seen you in the daylight.
You haven't.
[LAUGHS]
Hello. I'm Edie Cohen.
Natasha.
Natasha...?
Just Natasha.
Oh.
Well. very nice to meet you.
Just Natasha.
Natasha's a supermodel.
Ah.
I hate that word.
Do not call me that.
It objectifies me.
I'm a person. not an accessory.
Okay. fine. You're not a purse.
I'm gonna go
and get something to drink.
Don't talk about me.
She just finished
anger management.
Well. what does she have
to be angry about?
She's hungry.
Oh.
When are you
just gonna settle down
with someone
who's right for you?
Like a man? Please.
You know that I accept you
as my gay friend.
Thank you.
But all of a sudden.
half the world is gay.
Explain that.
You see. you just don't
understand how much better it is
being in a relationship
with a woman.
If we're lost.
we both ask for directions.
When we watch TV.
we watch one show at a time.
Nobody drinks out
of the milk carton
or asks you to pull their finger
or obsesses over their
decreasing ability
to piss 30 feet.
And when we have sex...
Oh. no. my...
...neither one of us wants it
with the lights on.
Are you jealous yet?
Hey. you owe me a hundred bucks
to have my car detailed. okay?
And tell me. Dorothy Parker.
how much longer
am I gonna have to wait
for your second book. huh?
I'd like to print an excerpt
before I'm dead.
Well. you see. you don't
just dash off a book
full of sharply observed.
hilarious.
yet deeply intelligent essays.
to quote The New York Times.
Yeah. that was six years ago.
Let's get on with it. huh?
She's a little distracted.
Did you see her date?
Hm.
So is Mary in here?
It's just so generous of you
to open your gorgeous home
for Central Park.
I know your mother was chair
of the women's committee
for many years.
Yes. yes.
and it's very important to her
that I carry on the tradition.
And me. of course.
Well. of course.
I just don't know how
you manage things in your life
and still make time
for your charitable work.
Oh. well. pharmaceuticals.
[LAUGHING] Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah.
There's a champagne buffet
out on the lawn.
Barbara. please help yourself.
Oh. amazing.
you're here on time.
Hey. what do you mean?
Hi.
I'm always on time.
You're the one who's late.
Will you put that thing away?
So impressive turnout. Congrats.
Well. thanks for opening up
your Rolodex.
Hey. what are best friends for?
BOTH: What's wrong? Nothing.
Why are you asking?
You just looked at me funny.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Yeah. yeah. something.
Your eyes just shifted.
You're not telling me something.
I tell you everything.
And what's with you and your
tense shoulders up to your ears?
Oh. Okay. I wasn't
gonna say anything
but I think my father is getting
ready to hand me the. uh...
Business?
Yes.
Wow. Is that a good thing?
Of course. yes.
it's a great thing.
It's a fantastic thing.
it's just a lot to take on.
And I have to talk
to Stephen about it.
And he's not gonna be thrilled.
Stephen. right.
So where is he
on a Saturday afternoon?
At the office. where he has been
almost every day and night
for the last month.
working on some hedge fund.
Hm. Really? Ahem.
Yeah. but in 24 hours
we are gonna
be sipping cappuccino
at the Piazza San Marco.
[LAUGHS]
Are you sure you're all right?
I'm fine.
I'm just kind of hungry.
I'll get something to eat.
[DOG BARKS]
Oh! Oh!
No. that's okay.
Lucy.
[♪♪♪]
You should take this.
Oh. no.
You have to.
You can come work for me.
Oh. my.
Take the card.
No. I won't do it.
Please take the card.
sweetheart. Please take it.
[INAUDIBLE]
No carbohydrates at all.
which is fine
because the human body
does not need them.
Hey. cute dress.
Thanks. Cool shades.
There you go.
Thanks.
Cheers.
[SIGHS]
Uh. Edie. that's a lot of food.
Where are you putting it?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Well. I might as well tell you.
You'll find out soon enough.
I'm eating for two.
Oh. for crying out loud. Edie.
Oh. my God. Don't you ever say
no?
How many kids do you need?
What? What's happening?
Edie's knocked up again.
Ooh! Oh. Are you sure?
Of course I'm sure.
I wanna keep going
until I get a boy.
Don't we have enough of those?
You know what?
You two don't understand.
There's absolutely nothing
more thrilling
than knowing
that you are actually growing
a human being inside of you.
Right. Mary?
Well. you know.
I was...
I was going through some junk
in the attic the other day.
and I saw
this box labeled "jars."
Yes. I am a jar saver.
And I...
I open up the box. anyway.
and I look in there.
and it's not jars.
It's just a whole pile
of Molly's baby clothes.
And I just picked up one
of those little rompers
and I could just feel
the tug on my uterus. so...
What are you saying? You're
thinking about having baby?
MARY:
Well. I don't know. you know.
I'd never thought about having
more than one. but lately...
Maybe since I know the gate's
closing. I don't know.
What?
Nothing.
Something.
I've gotta pee.
For the 10th time today.
I'll be right back.
[KNOCK]
Edie.
What are you doing?
I wasn't gonna say anything.
but now I have to.
Mary is like my sister.
I told you. Sylvie.
I don't wanna know.
Oh. it's about Mary?
This is in the vault. right?
[SIGHS] Vault.
Stephen is having an affair.
Oh. my God. How do you know?
The new manicurist
at Saks told me.
He's fooling around
with some woman
who works behind
the perfume counter.
The spritzer girl?
Yeah. can you believe that?
What do you think she sells?
Chanel No. Shit?
[SCOFFS]
So. what are you saying?
You wanna tell Mary?
Of course not. but she's talking
about having another baby.
Oh. this is
very dangerous. Sylvie.
I mean. what if the story
isn't true?
How much can you trust
a manicurist?
Oh. please.
they know everything.
Manicurists and florists.
It's frightening
how much information
those people are carrying.
I don't think
we should say anything.
It could come back to haunt us.
I mean. the affair
could be over for all we know.
That's true.
Besides. I don't know of anyone
who's gotten into any trouble
for keeping their mouth shut.
Hm.
I mean. I know things
about my friends.
And I mean. things.
Me too.
Cheap hand towels.
Let's go.
Right.
Oh. I forgot to pee.
[HORN HONKS]
GIRL: Hey!
Oh. no.
Thank you so much.
Oh. everything
was wonderful. Mary.
I must have the name
of your caterer. So yummy.
Oh. no.
I made everything myself.
I think people appreciate
the personal touch.
You cooked?
Oh. Mary. how could you?
What were you thinking?
Now we'll all have to do that.
And not all of us are you.
Anyway. congratulations
on a successful event.
Phone for you. It's him.
Oh.
Bye.
WOMEN: Bye.
Hey. honey. they're almost gone.
It's safe to come home.
Hey. listen. since we're leaving
so early in the morning tomorrow
let's just eat out. and...
Stephen?
Ste...
Stephen. it took forever
to plan this trip
and we both really
need a vacation.
Yeah... No.
there has to be some way.
All right.
Okay. I'll call
the travel agent.
I guess. uh. Venice
will still be there.
When are you coming home?
Oh. okay. then I won't wait up.
All right. bye.
That goddamn office
is sucking the life out of him.
Well. something definitely is.
Sylvie. Come on.
We didn't mean
to be listening in.
No. no. it's okay. Thank you so
much for coming today.
It meant a lot to me.
Are you gonna be okay?
I would stay. but we carpooled.
I'm so sorry. I've got
the little ones at home.
No. no. I'm fine.
I'm gonna be fine.
Mwah.
Okay.
Goddamn it.
[♪♪♪]
Ned. you gotta back me on this.
It's time to stop talking down
to our readers.
That's the way Cachet
is gonna distinguish itself.
You talk about
branding the magazine.
How about we become the
thinking woman's fashion book?
Bring on
the provocative writers.
We stop putting little Hollywood
twits on the cover.
Yes. I know
the twits sell. but. Ned.
you hired me for a reason.
Let me do my job.
This time next year.
you'll look like a genius.
Mary's on three.
Ned. I got Ralph Lauren
on the line.
I gotta go.
So how was lunch with Dad?
Huh?
How does it feel to be head
of your own design house?
He fired me.
What?
Yeah. my own father.
He said I was spreading myself
too thin
and that it showed in my work.
Excuse me. but designing
the perfect little frock
for a woman to wear home
from hip-replacement surgery
is not exactly my work.
Oh. honey.
Come to my office. the Grey
Goose rep was just here.
We'll open a bottle and bitch
about the men in our lives
who don't believe in us.
Uh. what?
Is Ned riding you again?
Oh. I mean.
that's just absolutely absurd.
That must feel terrible. Oh!
Why doesn't he just trust
your vision?
Well. it's a crisis
of confidence.
I can feel it.
I need to pull a couple
of great writers
onto this magazine. and fast.
Well. you can do that.
Stop at nothing.
I love you. you know that?
Whoa. well. you wouldn't
if you saw me.
My hair looks terrible.
Could you get me into Saks
for a haircut? Is that okay?
Don't go to Saks.
They'll butcher you.
Hey! Hey!
Wait. what
are you talking about?
That woman just did
the rudest thing.
Your hair always looks great.
Anyway. love you. mean it. bye.
Mary...
[PHONE LINE CLICKS]
Mary?
Women.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello. I... I'm Mary Haines.
and my friend Sylvie Fowler
called ahead for me.
Yes. she did. We can squeeze you
in. but not for an hour.
I'm really sorry.
Oh.
Oh. well. can I get
a manicure while I wait?
Let me check.
Okay.
Let's see.
Okay. Tanya's
had a cancellation.
Great.
First table. straight back.
Okay. thank you.
Oh.
Okay. Tanya?
Tanya?
Hi. they told me
to come back here.
Oh. sure. have a seat.
Well. let's have a look.
Oh. my. what have we done
to ourselves?
Oh. I re-tiled my bathroom.
Ha. Seriously?
Yeah.
Oh. God. Oh.
Oh. I was thinking
about something neutral.
Wanna maybe take a walk
on the wild side?
How about this? Jungle Red.
That's a little too much for me.
How about this? This is nice.
French Fawn. whatever.
Okay.
[SIGHS]
What's that perfume
you're wearing?
It's something my husband
gave me.
Oh. where have
I smelled that before?
Oh. I know. That's the same
stuff that my friend wears.
She works
the perfume counter downstairs.
Expensive stuff.
But she's got expensive taste.
that one.
Her name's Crystal Allen.
Who?
My friend
at the perfume counter.
That girl needs
a man with money.
She's got one now too.
Married. though.
Narciso Rodriguez
is just amazing.
The guy she hooked.
his picture's always
in the business pages.
For Crystal. that's like
the classifieds for a husband.
I can never remember that
guy's name. What's his name?
Everyone knows him. That's
a beautiful ring. by the way.
Oh. thank you.
On the wrong hand. though.
No. it's the right hand.
My girlfriends gave it to me.
We gave each other one
last Christmas.
Haines. that's his name.
Stephen Haines.
I was there when she met him.
Oh. boy. what a performance.
This Haines guy walks up
to the counter
serious type. expensive suit.
good-looking.
little thinning on top
and he says he wants to buy
some perfume for his wife.
"Well. what type of woman
is she?" Crystal says.
And he says. "The kind that
smells like soap."
Which I thought
was really sweet.
But for Crystal.
this is a challenge.
So then she says. "Would you
prefer something sexier?"
And she runs her eyes
up and down him
the way a big cat looks
at a slow wildebeest.
I mean. I felt kind
of bad for the guy.
He didn't stand a chance.
So then she picks up the tester
bottle of Jezebel...
That's the stuff you're wearing.
...And she sprays it
on her wrist
and in the crook of her arm
for him to smell
and he starts sniffing around.
Well. I guess he liked
it more than he planned.
I mean. to tell you the truth.
I think this was
a big game for Crystal.
Until he took
out his credit card.
and then she recognized
his name.
And then what happened?
Well. then she really
pursued him.
Then they just started
seeing each other.
He takes her for nice dinners.
buys her clothes.
Sends her flowers in a vase.
You know. the kind you keep.
I don't think that...
I don't think that. um...
I'm...
I... I just remembered
that I have to go somewhere.
Oh. I... I'm so sorry.
Was I talking too much again?
You know. I... I just try
to entertain my clients
when they're sitting
here. Mrs...?
Haines.
Oh. God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
I'm so. so sorry.
I... I had no idea.
Oh. me and my big mouth.
Is there anything I could do...?
No. just stop telling
that story.
Oh. sure. sure.
I mean it.
I'll never mention it again.
I promise. I promise.
Mrs. Haines.
Donna.
Good dirt.
Hello. it's Mary
for Sylvie again.
Is she still in that meeting?
Yes. if you could please
have her call me
as soon as she
gets out. thank you.
Am I late?
I... I'm sorry. Mom.
I heard what happened.
Your father is a real shit.
I ordered you a gimlet.
I know. you don't drink
in the afternoon
but you will eventually.
so why not start now?
[HUMS]
You wanna see a bad face lift?
Helen Danvers. 2 o'clock.
She looks like she's re-entering
the Earth's atmosphere.
Honey. what can I do?
Do you want me to punish Daddy?
Mom. Stephen's having an affair.
What?
I can't believe those words
came out of my mouth.
That just makes me sick
to my stomach.
Who is she. one of your friends?
No. she sells perfume at Saks.
She's a spritzer girl?
I mean. how could
I not have known?
Three months ago.
he bought cowboy boots.
I just can't believe
this is happening to me.
I thought we were... happy.
What are you going to do?
What do you mean.
what am I gonna to do?
I'm gonna tell him to move out.
Well. that's not very smart.
Someone once said
that when you don't know
what to do. do nothing.
Mom. my husband of 13 years
is having an affair.
I mean. do they talk about
me when they're in bed?
Do they laugh at me?
I mean. please don't tell me
to pretend
that nothing happened.
You have no idea how this feels.
Well. let me try.
It feels like someone
kicked you in the stomach.
It feels like your heart
stopped beating.
It feels like that dream.
You know. the one where
you're falling
and you want so desperately
to wake up
before you hit the ground.
but it's all out
of your control.
You can't trust
anything anymore.
No one is who they say they are.
Your life is changed forever.
And the only thing to come
out of the whole ugly experience
is no one will ever be able
to break your heart
like that again.
I can't believe
you never told me that.
I wanted you to love
your father.
Jeez. I mean. who was she?
Some little skank
who sold fabric.
[LAUGHS]
I met her once.
She wore too much makeup
and her bra straps
were always showing.
What did you do when
you found out?
Nothing.
Nothing?
I had a smart mother too.
Mary.
that girl does not mean
anything more to Stephen
than the fabric whore
meant to your father.
If he loved her. believe me.
you would have felt it.
I can't fake it. Mom.
I can't be anywhere
near him right now.
Then this is what
I think we should do.
It's spring break.
We'll go away
for a couple of weeks.
There is nothing like a heavy
dose of a man's mistress
to make him miss his wife.
What do you think this is.
some kind of 1930s movie?
That's ridiculous.
Can I remind you of something?
You have a daughter.
just like I did.
This is not just about you.
Call Stephen.
Tell him I invited you and Molly
up to the cottage in Maine.
We'll leave tomorrow.
And I wouldn't discuss this
with any of your friends.
They'll all want to help.
and before you know it
you'll be taking care of them
instead of yourself.
[SIGHS]
Oh. my God.
I'm so sorry for you. baby.
But it's nice to know
you still need your mama.
[♪♪♪]
ALEX:
Was that a sunrise we just saw?
Because I'm on the wrong
side of that thing.
Alex. stop complaining. okay.
I just thought Mary
could use a few pals
to take her to the airport.
You know why I don't
cultivate friendships?
So I don't have to take
anyone to the airport.
FEMALE VOICE:
At the next intersection.
make a left turn.
Who the hell was that?
The navigation lady.
She's always calm.
She never talks back.
My husband's in love with her.
All right. I'm sensing
something here.
Something's not being said.
What's going on that
I don't know about?
Nothing's going on.
What would make you say that?
Alex. what is your take
on Mary and Stephen's marriage?
[MUMBLES]
Um. it looks perfect
on the outside.
But there's definitely
something going on there.
Man. you know Mary doesn't like
looking at the cracks.
She's too busy filling them.
Our girl is all blue sky.
But sooner or later...
Why?
Mary doing somebody?
[CHUCKLES]
What makes you think it's Mary?
SYLVIE: Edie!
It's Stephen?
Is Stephen having
an affair on Mary?
Oh. for God's sake. Edie.
What a mouth.
I didn't say anything.
Is it somebody we know?
Vault?
Vault.
Spritzer girl. Saks.
No!
Oh. my God. how's she taking it?
Oh. she doesn't know.
What do you mean.
she doesn't know?
What is wrong with you two?
We're in the vault. she's not?
You need to drag her ass
into the vault.
Look. I have been struggling
with this for days. okay?
Mary and I have been best
friends since college.
I think she should be told.
Uh. yeah.
Or we just don't say anything.
Sylvie. Mary has to know. okay?
Now. that's the right
thing to do.
You want me to tell her?
Because I'll tell her.
I don't have a problem with it.
[♪♪♪]
[HONKS HORN]
SYLVIE: Hi.
Hi. I could've taken a cab.
No. no. I know you sent. you
know. Molly to be with your mom.
And why should you
go to the airport alone?
All right. so you have all
the numbers at the house.
All the information.
Will you call
the vet please. Dr...
I will. I will. Dr. Jones.
Jones.
Oh. and the guy from the place
is coming to fix the...
The sink. at 2.
Next week. Tuesday at 2.
Okay?
That too.
[SIGHS]
Oh. hi.
Hey. What are you
guys doing here?
Just get in. okay?
Come on. get in.
No. let's get out.
Mary. there's a reason why
we are all here with you today.
Sylvie has something
she wants to talk to you about.
This is really hard. Mary.
Okay? I...
[SIGHS]
Oh. is this about
the perfume bitch?
[ALL GASP]
You knew and you didn't tell me?
Right now. honest to God.
Mary. I'm so hurt.
You?
Yeah.
This isn't happening to you.
this is happening to me.
[ALL YAMMER INDISTINCTLY]
How can you not tell me?
All right. all right. all right!
It's out in the open. okay?
Fine. what I wanna know is.
what did he say when
you confronted him?
Well. I didn't confront him.
He doesn't know I know.
What do you mean?
Mary. that is ridiculous.
I'm not proud of it.
What are you saying?
He's supposed to know
that you know.
Okay!
All right. I appreciate
all of you trying to help.
I really do.
But please. don't dissect
and analyze
every square inch
of this right now.
I can't take it.
Just be there for me. silently.
Okay. let's go.
I should not be operating
heavy machinery right now.
Hey. Mom?
Mm-hm.
You know what'd be really cool?
What?
If you and I got
mother-and-daughter tattoos.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Nice try.
Come on. it would change
your whole image.
What's wrong with my image?
Never mind.
So I can still get
the tattoo. though. right?
Yeah. right after I get
my nose pierced.
[LAUGHS]
How come you never just hear me?
I hear you. honey. I hear you.
You want a tattoo
and you're not getting one.
I'm gonna go watch television.
Oh. Mol. Molly. come on.
stay out here with us.
It's a gorgeous day.
Is there anything
I'm allowed to do?
You know. Mom.
I think it's gonna be warm
enough this afternoon
to go for a swim.
Ah. I'll have to put
on a bathing suit.
Men. they can just parade around
without a care in the world.
At what age do women
start covering themselves
with tarps
just for a stroll on the beach?
[CHUCKLES]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Oh. it's Stephen.
Don't answer it.
Ugh.
Let him think
you're doing something
incredibly interesting
without him.
God. I hate the game-playing.
It does feel good to get
some control. though.
Of course it does.
He's called three times
a day since we've been here.
He's practically begging
you to come home.
You can see where his heart is.
This would be so much easier
if I didn't love him.
There should be a pill that you
can take to make love go away.
Why would you wanna
make love go away?
It's hard enough to find it
in the first place.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
It's Stephen.
All right. you can
answer it now.
[CELL PHONE BEEPS]
Hello? Oh. Stephen.
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
SYLVIE: I'm dying to
see what she looks like.
Okay. listen. Sylvie. I'm just
gonna put it on the record.
This is a bad idea.
We don't have a plan.
you don't know...
Oh. my God. would
you look at that bag?
So pretty.
Sylvie. I need an advance.
[LAUGHS]
I am not going to enable you.
Finish your damn book.
Can I have this bag. Mommy?
Mommy. I'm tired of shopping.
Can we go? I wanna go.
We can't go.
Aunt Sylvie is stalking
somebody.
When she's finished.
we can leave.
I hate this store!
Uh-oh.
April?
I want you to listen to me.
I'm gonna say something
very important.
And I want you to remember
it for the rest of your life.
Nobody hates Saks.
Now. let's do what
we came here for.
[♪♪♪]
Can we get something to eat?
[PHONE RINGING]
WOMAN: Fragrances. this is Pat.
She's with a customer.
GIRL: I'm hungry.
Can we eat somewhere soon.
Mommy? I'm starving.
Wow.
Crystal.
Phone for you.
It's a guy.
[♪♪♪]
Wow.
ALEX: She is fine.
Oh. Jesus. Alex. not now.
All right. we've seen her.
now let's get out of here.
Not on your life.
Yeah. I... I'm with Sylvie.
Hello?
Stephen. Oh!
I was hoping it was you.
How have you been. baby?
I missed you this week.
Well. it's cruel
and unusual punishment
to be without you this long.
I say we make up for lost time.
What if I cooked us
a romantic dinner tonight?
The big white square thing...
Shh.
...with the fire coming
out of it is the stove.
Shh.
Oh. No. baby. of course.
No. no. no.
your work comes first.
I... Don't worry.
I'll just save you a piece
of cake with a candle on it.
Huh!
Whew.
Well. I didn't wanna
tell you. you know.
because I didn't want
you to make a fuss
and I'll have other birthdays.
I... I would... No. no. no.
I would feel terrible taking you
away from important business.
Are you sure?
Oh. baby. I am one happy girl.
Okay. I'll see you at 8.
You know where. Mwah.
That stupid wife.
Ever since she's been gone
to wherever the hell she's at.
he's been acting
like a lost puppy.
I have an audition at 4.
Apparently now
I'm cooking dinner.
How did this all happen?
PAT: You volunteered.
CRYSTAL:
Oh. sorry. Pat. but I gotta go.
Hey. can you find something
to do tonight.
so we can have the apartment?
PAT: Fine.
And good luck on your audition.
Uh. excuse me. Ah. can I get
some help. please?
I was just leaving.
but Pat can help you.
Oh. I was told to ask
for Crystal Allen.
Oh. no. no. no.
Is that you?
Yeah.
I've heard you have
a special way
of knowing what
a customer needs.
Really? And where would
you hear that?
Around.
GIRL: Pretty.
I've been wearing Chanel No. 5
since my christening.
[GLASS SMASHES]
I'm thinking of changing.
What would you suggest?
Hm. Probably nothing too subtle.
[ALL LAUGH]
You're right about that.
You always know exactly
where you stand with me.
No. I... I want a perfume
to be a reflection
of my personality.
Smart. fearless.
clever. loyal.
protective of friends.
ruthless if crossed.
[GIRL SHOUTS]
You shopping for a perfume
or writing a personal ad?
[LAUGHS]
You know. a friend of mine
is wearing something new.
Uh. her husband bought it
for her here. I think.
Edie. what's the name
of that perfume
that Mary Haines is wearing?
You know. the one
Stephen bought for her.
Stephen Haines.
Maybe you waited on him.
He's good-looking.
receding hairline.
Platinum card.
Maybe that rings a bell.
Oh. we know you're
screwing Stephen.
and Mary is a friend of ours.
so you better stop it.
Just stop it!
Shh.
[♪♪♪]
So he cheated on you. and still
you said nothing to him?
This is not modern. Mary.
Ever since I got back
from Maine.
it's all flowers and foot rubs
and. "What can
I do for you today. honey?"
I mean. maybe my mother
is right.
Maybe the affair
was no big deal.
Maybe treating it that way
actually is the more
modern thing.
When did you become French?
I'm not sleeping
with him. Sylvie.
Good. Make him suffer.
Sylvie. let's stop
talking about me. okay?
Blah. blah. How's Gary?
How's everything with Gary?
Oh. it's over.
He pressed his jeans.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
You are too choosy.
No.
Yeah. and you know why you...?
You know why that is?
You're afraid to choose.
No. I am not.
Yes. yes. you are.
Excuse me. I chose
once. remember?
It was all very nice
until my career took off.
"Sylvie. I'm happy for you."
He said. "I want you to fly."
"I just don't think I can
be with a woman
who has that kind of wingspan."
That was just him.
Excuse me. no.
I'm sorry. men have a hard time
being with a successful woman.
So we shrink to fit. like you.
Like me? What are you
talking about?
Like you were gonna
be Donna Karan.
And then you put on the brakes
because you knew you could
eclipse Stephen.
When you fall in love.
you don't think about how
it's gonna work out. Sylvie.
You just go with your gut.
Oh. please.
Like my first date with Stephen.
when he gave me that pumpkin.
Thank God. it was Halloween.
[LAUGHS]
That was an irresistible thing.
to be given a pumpkin
on your first date.
That's weird.
It wasn't weird. It's charming.
SYLVIE: Carving a pumpkin?
MARY: We carved it together.
We were a really good team.
You know. 13 years.
WOMAN: Good afternoon. La Perla.
Thirteen pumpkins.
That is what you think about
when it's all falling apart.
It's the pumpkin.
The pumpkin matters.
I hate Halloween.
All those strangers at the door.
You know. someday.
when you are not looking
and you're not thinking. Sylvie.
you're gonna meet
the man you wanna marry
and that will be that.
I'm the man I wanna marry.
That's the problem.
Oh. hey.
Sylvie. what do you
think of this?
On you? Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
[CHUCKLES]
Stephen might get lucky tonight.
Mrs. Haines. it's been a while
since we've seen you.
Time for a new robe?
Hello. Grace. I'd like
to try this on.
Really?
What is everyone's deal? What...?
I think this is your size.
All right. I admit that
I underestimated
the value of the slut factor
in the bedroom.
Great. Maybe he'll leave some
cash on the nightstand.
Oh. I just don't understand
why they put fluorescent
lighting in dressing rooms.
Why would a woman buy anything
if it looks like her thighs
were hit by a meteor shower?
GRACE: How are you
doing in there. Ms. Allen?
You need another size.
another color?
CRYSTAL: Oh. no. I like it.
Don't go too far.
I'm gonna need you.
GRACE: No problem. Ms. Allen.
Okay. wow. this just
too much. I mean...
No. it... It's...
Uh. I think I'll go out.
and just get some other options.
CRYSTAL: Is there a
mirror with better light?
Yes. Out here in the hall.
But you probably
don't wanna go...
I'm not shy.
Hm.
I've got to say.
you're my first customer
who's had the courage
to try that on.
Do you have those cutlet things?
You know. I need some lift.
I think I have to take this.
How much money is it?
GRACE:
It's Italian handmade lace.
That's why it's $650.
CRYSTAL: Ooh!
Does it come in any
other colors?
GRACE: Champagne.
Ah. I love champagne.
I'll take it
in a champagne as well.
Will that be cash or charge?
You do personal checks?
No. but I'd be happy to open
up a store charge for you.
It only takes a few minutes
to do a credit check.
Ooh. credit check.
I don't have time
for a credit check.
Hey. what if I gave you
the number of someone
who does have a credit card?
And I'm sure if you called him.
he'd be happy to give it to you.
We can try that.
What's the gentleman's name?
Stephen Haines.
He's a friend of the family.
Mrs. Haines is a client of ours.
In fact. she's in the dressing
room right across the hall.
Would you like me to have her
approve this for you?
No.
No. no. no.
Uh. you see. I don't think that
would be in very good taste.
You see. I'm. uh.
relatively new in town.
and I haven't had the pleasure
of meeting Mrs. Haines yet.
I would hate for this
to be our first introduction.
I'm sure you understand.
I do understand.
I'll phone Mr. Haines.
Thanks. sweetie.
You don't think it's flattering?
Is that what you're thinking?
Mary.
She's here. in the dressing room
across the hall.
Crystal Allen.
What?
How do you know that?
I saw her talking
to the saleswoman.
She's spending a fortune
and. Mary.
she's putting it
on Stephen's account.
Oh. that's not true.
If he's paying her bills. Mary.
it means he's still
involved with her.
Well. uh. I'm. uh...
I'm. uh. just gonna go home.
Can you just help me out?
Are you leaving?
Help me off...
Mary. go in there.
Help me off with this thing.
You've been running away from
this thing since it started.
What are you afraid of?
Of being made a bigger fool
than I already am. Sylvie.
Listen to me. that woman
is working her way
into another person's life
and it happens to be yours.
And if you don't stand
up to her and face her.
it's only a matter of time
before she's carving the pumpkin
with your daughter.
[GASPS]
Now. I'm giving you permission
to behave badly.
You go in there
and kick her ass.
Go on.
Okay.
I'll be your corner man. Just go.
Go.
[♪♪♪]
Go. Go on.
You can do it.
Okay. I can't.
Go.
I can't do it.
Oh. shit.
Excuse me?
Are you kidding me?
Are you...?
I'm Mary Haines.
Right. Um. well.
this is awkward.
I guess he finally told you.
No. no. no.
He never mentioned you. but I've
known about you for a while.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm surprised I haven't
heard from you.
Well. it's not my style.
But since you were
in the vicinity.
I thought I'd introduce myself.
Um. look. Mrs. Haines.
I am really sorry
for what this has done to you.
And I know Stephen
never meant to hurt you.
What? You don't know
anything about my husband.
I do know that a woman never
steals another woman's husband.
They usually go willingly.
It sounds like you have
a lot of experience
in that area.
[CHUCKLES]
You know. Stephen
is a very smart man.
He's just way too smart
to take someone
like you seriously.
I mean...
Mrs. Haines. I know so many
women like you.
You have your fancy friends
and your nice houses
and your calendars
are full of social events
and shopping dates
and charity lunches
to make you feel like you're
doing something with your lives.
But eventually. you stop paying
attention to your men.
They get lonely
and they come looking
for someone
who makes them feel
appreciated again.
And believe me. they take
that very. very seriously.
You know. I came in here with...
I... I admit. just
a ridiculous idea
that if you and I ever met
and you saw that I was
an actual human being
and not just some stray thought
out in Connecticut
that you might actually feel a
little bit of remorse. you know?
One woman having that
transcendent moment of connect
with another.
And that you might
realize the scope
of the damage that you've done
not just to me. but to a family.
[GIGGLES]
I have no idea what
you just said.
I know. yeah. So I'm gonna
put this in terms
that you can understand.
You are gonna stop
seeing my husband.
I guess that's
up to him. isn't it?
Listen. let me give you
a little bit of a tip.
Stephen...
Stephen would never like
anything that. uh...
trashy.
Well. if Stephen doesn't like
anything I'm wearing.
I take it off.
[♪♪♪]
You were great. Mary.
[SCOFFS] Get me out of here.
MARY: Who are you. Stephen?
Tell me. what's going on?
Oh. she's really
giving it to him.
And he's not saying much.
because. really. I mean.
what could this cheating.
lying bastard say?
What else? What else?
Oh. so they argue some more.
and then Mary gets very quiet
and she says. "Stephen. do you
wanna be with her?"
Oh. good move.
Yeah.
Force his hand.
And he says. "Mary. I love you."
[LAUGHS] Oh. yeah. Oh. please.
predictable.
But I think Mary started
listening to him.
So he keeps talking.
He says he never meant
for the affair
to turn into anything.
And he tried to end it
more than once.
Men get themselves into things
and then they don't know
how to get out of it.
But... But here's where
he makes his big mistake.
He says he kept seeing Crystal
because he felt
she got dependent on him
and that he didn't want
to hurt her.
Hurt her?
That's exactly what Mary said.
Then she makes her big mistake.
She says. "How could you not see
that she's just
after your money?"
Oh. she blew it.
The last thing
a man wants to hear
is that his wife is the only one
stupid enough
to love him for himself.
Oh. Nobody knows how to argue.
I should run a school.
So now he asks her
the big question:
Is there any way they can put it
all back together again?
You should have heard him.
It would have broke your heart.
Oh. who cares?
Do we still have jobs or not?
Mary says she wants a divorce.
What did he say?
He says he wished she'd take
some time and think it over.
And that he would spend
the night at a hotel.
What did she say?
She threw her wedding band
at him.
Oh. that's bad.
Oh. that's very bad.
Yeah.
Where the hell's
my address book?
I have a woman who keeps
offering me a job.
Barbara somebody.
What are you doing?
You can't desert them now.
[SIGHS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[WHISPERING] Oh. my God. Shh.
I hear something.
[CAR ENGINE RUMBLING]
[ENGINE RECEDING]
That's it.
We're on a sinking ship. Uta.
[SIGHS]
I have a cardinal rule:
Never get attached
to the family.
This is exactly why.
And that. Uta.
is why the revolutionaries
threw tea into Boston Harbor.
I need to eat something. There's
low fat. low carb. fat free.
There's fruit everywhere.
Where's the junk?
MAGGIE:
You don't let me buy any.
UTA:
Why don't I fix you a drink?
All right.
I think you both should know
Stephen and I are splitting up.
[BOTH GASP]
Yeah.
He's been having an affair.
Get out of here.
I don't believe that.
Yeah. Yeah.
And let me tell you
how stupid I am. okay?
I had myself convinced
that it was no big deal.
Just a little chapter.
not the whole book.
And if I just put
the old blinders on.
rose above it. everything would
work itself out.
Bullshit.
I mean. it's not like
I was deliriously happy
every single day
of this marriage. you know?
[SIGHS] But did I screw around?
No.
I could have. by the way.
I really could have. because men
have come on to me plenty.
All right. Once or twice.
But I thought about it.
because. this just in.
13 years of sex
with the same man
can be a little bit boring.
all right?
I mean. Stephen had
his bag of tricks
and I knew them all.
but did I complain?
Did I go out and bang
the Federal Express guy?
And let me tell you
something else:
Stephen does not know
how good he had it.
There is nobody.
and I mean nobody.
who's gonna give that man
a better time in bed than I did.
I could suck the nails out of
a board. and that is a fact.
Oh. God.
God.
You can't think straight
right now.
You know what I do
when I have a problem?
Before I got to sleep.
I tell myself.
I'm gonna wake up
with the answer.
And that does it. I do.
You try it.
You go on upstairs
and get a good night's sleep.
and tomorrow morning
it will all look better.
Oh. Maggie.
[SIGHS]
Go on. You'll feel better.
I love you guys.
She's not gonna dump him.
I know how she feels
about that man.
and how he feels about her.
Ah. He'll be back in this house
by the end of the week.
[FEIST'S "I FEEL IT ALL"
PLAYING]
♪ I feel it all I feel it all ♪
♪ The wings are wide
The wings are wide ♪
♪ Wild card inside
Wild card inside ♪
♪ Ooh. I'll be the one ♪
♪ Who'll break my heart ♪
[SOBBING]
I don't understand.
Why did this happen to me?
Oh. sweetie. listen.
Listen. it happens
in every relationship. okay?
Eventually. somebody
betrays somebody else.
It is either in a big way
or a million little ones.
It's just the nature of it.
okay?
[SOBBING] Oh. Jesus.
Oh. Oh. God.
Oh.
[MARY SOBBING. SNIFFLING]
What am I gonna do?
You'll figure it out.
We'll figure it out.
[MARY SOBS. SIGHS]
Come on. We need to pull out
the big idea here.
I think we should focus on
the cover. how to get it to pop.
Okay. what about this
for our cover blurb:
The 45-minute orgasm.
Forty-five minutes?
Who has the time?
[ALL LAUGH]
Listen. I-I really want to make
a statement with this issue.
It's time to cut ourselves
away from the herd.
talk up to the reader.
GILDA:
I thought we already were.
What about the piece we did
last month
on living an authentic life?
Oh. come on.
We tell women to feel good
about themselves.
and then we print 15 pieces
on crazy diets.
We run ads for wrinkle creams.
The models are 20 years old.
We're driving women mad.
Okay. I know I'm the new kid.
but here's what I would do
if I were in charge of Cachet.
I would tie each issue
to a theme.
Brand it.
By branding each issue.
we brand the magazine.
giving it a more unique identity
on the newsstand.
I would make sure
that each theme had an edge.
a sense of humor.
For instance.
"The Revenge Issue."
How to get it.
who to stick it to.
the fine art
of holding a grudge.
We put an actress on the cover.
someone young. hot.
and we make the whole thing
irresistible.
We become the guilty pleasure
of the publishing world.
and that is how
we turn it around.
Come on. Annie.
Revenge?
It's so retro.
It's old-think.
Don't we all have
better things to do?
It... It's the exact opposite
of what I'm talking about.
But I would buy that magazine.
Uh. I think we should
take a break. okay?
Let... Let all this percolate.
Pick it up again after lunch.
Just think about it.
It's a good idea.
I mean. let me tell you
something. Editors?
They live in fear
of a girl like that.
They walk into your world.
and all of a sudden you think.
"Wait. am I out
of the loop here?
I mean. am I missing
the trends?"
Climb higher.
Can't we take a break?
No breaks.
What are the most feared
words in the English language?
Pool party.
Keep climbing.
[♪♪♪]
Wait a minute.
Let... Let me down. okay?
Thanks.
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey. Bailey Smith. right?
Sylvie Fowler.
We met at the MTV Awards.
Oh. right. right. right.
So how are things
in the. uh. hot seat at Cachet?
Well. I'm not gonna be happy
until I take a nice. big chunk
out of Vogue.
[CHUCKLES]
You know how I'm gonna do that?
How?
By putting star writers
on the magazine. like you.
Oh. well.
that is a nice compliment.
but I'm not for sale.
I'm really happy at The Post.
Excuse me. but I don't know why.
You made a reputation
writing brilliant profiles
and now you're writing gossip
for a tabloid.
Wait. I am syndicated.
I don't have to worry
about money anymore.
You know. anyway. I... I... I
write about people. not fashion.
That's exactly
what I want you to do.
Write about interesting people
in your own irreverent way.
You'll sell magazines.
I hear your circulation's down.
and didn't you have some
staff defections last week?
Some people
can't take the hills.
You know. um.
I would consider
doing some pieces for you.
but I would need something
in return.
Well. you name it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Well. I'm doing
a series of columns
on high-profile
New York marriages.
Oh.
I hear one of them's
breaking up.
Oh. Oh.
You know who I'm talking about.
I don't know anything.
and who cares. anyway?
Oh. come on.
Messy divorces sell more papers
than presidential campaigns.
It sounds like you've
already written the story.
What do you need me for?
You know I need confirmation
from some ironclad source.
I'm sorry. I can't help you.
Just because you wouldn't do
a favor for me
doesn't mean I won't
do one for you.
One of my spies
said they saw
your publisher last night
having dinner with Talia Greene
from Harper's Bazaar.
Wait.
I am not worried. okay?
Ned wouldn't replace me.
He's completely committed
to my vision for the magazine.
Sure. I'm... I'm sure.
But it's just that
I... I... I heard that there was
some heavy wooing going on.
Bailey. do not print that. okay?
What little staff I have left
would smell blood.
It would completely destroy
my credibility at Cachet.
and then I really am
out the door.
I know.
It's incredible. isn't it.
how a little piece of gossip
like that
has the potential to actually
unravel an entire career.
Because really.
when you think about it.
where would you go
if you left Cachet?
[CAMERA CLICKING]
♪ Don't know how it started ♪
♪ And I don't know
How it will end ♪
This is the last time
you're picking the restaurant.
If they're gonna plaster
your life in the newspaper.
you would think they would
at least run a decent picture.
especially next to that Crystal.
Shouldn't she have a permit
to wear a dress like that?
You're awfully quiet
for a change.
Oh. Tough day at work is all.
♪ Since you Can barely feel... ♪
She's here.
Hi.
MARY: Hi.
Alex picked the restaurant.
right?
Uh...
Of course.
That looks good.
[MOUTHS] Okay.
So everybody's seen it. right?
Okay. No big elephants
on the table.
Just when you thought it
couldn't get any shittier.
Okay.
EDIE: Wanna have a big laugh
about it right now. huh?
Huh? Huh?
Or do you wanna run off
with a woman?
If you did.
this would be the place.
Well. maybe a margarita
and a woman.
Ooh. I like that.
I think it's gonna be okay.
ladies.
She's turned the page.
Yeah. I've turned the page.
I hired a lawyer today.
Mary. um... Don't you think maybe
it's too soon for lawyers?
Let things...
Let things settle down.
A month from now.
everything could look different.
What?
I... I know.
Okay. I'm gonna...
I'm gonna take a risk here
and... And say something
that maybe...
There are two sides
to every story.
Any one of us is capable.
under the right circumstances.
of making a very big mistake.
Right? Right?
And a good marriage counselor
might ask.
"And how were you culpable
in this marriage?"
Well. I married an asshole.
that's how I'm culpable.
Which side are you on?
I'm not taking sides.
Well. pick one.
Pick a side.
I'm on your side.
My money's on you.
All right. Okay.
[SIGHS]
Here's what I want to know.
I want to know how somebody
like Bailey Smith faces herself
in the mirror.
I wanna know how somebody
can make a living
feeding off of somebody else's
pain.
Mary. it's my fault.
Okay.
Bailey Smith knew
I was about to be fired.
and she knew that I needed her
on the magazine.
so she practically
blackmailed me.
I didn't give her
any information. She...
She had all the details already.
She just said.
"Nod if it's true."
and that's all I did. is nod.
I was in a terrible position.
I... I was scared.
You know. people do terrible
things when they're scared.
[SOBS]
And this is terrible.
I know that.
I know.
What is going on with you?
Uh... Uh...
Guys. I've been...
I'm f... I'm fighting
for a job that I've...
I've worked for my whole life.
♪ 'Cause everything good goes ♪
♪ Away ♪
What was it that you said.
Sylvie?
You said that betrayal is
inevitable in any relationship?
I thought you were just talking
about marriage.
This is so much worse.
♪ raisin' the stakes ♪
♪ 'Cause everything good goes ♪
♪ Away ♪
♪ Hey ♪
CRYSTAL:
You don't have what it takes
to run a company like this.
Now take a walk
and never look back.
My father will never let you
get away with this. Ramona.
I'm sleeping with your father.
[♪♪♪]
[ANNOUNCER READING]
And who knows...
God's sakes.
...moisture better than Dove?
Middle of the afternoon.
Your daughter's gonna be home
from school any minute.
You want her to see her mother
in her bathrobe again? Huh?
I don't look at clocks anymore.
It's very liberating.
[PHONE RINGS]
[MUTTERING]
[SIGHS]
Haines residence.
Oh. hello.
[CHUCKLES] S-Sure.
I still recognize your voice.
[CHUCKLES]
And how about me?
Oh. holding down the fort.
Uh.
Uh. I'll... I'll s... I'll see
if she's still here.
It's Mr. Haines.
He's on the phone.
Ugh! Tell him I'm not here.
I'm a bad liar.
If... If I were any better.
I'd be embezzling from you.
I don't want to talk to him.
I'm busy.
Okay. look. I'm the housekeeper.
I cook. I clean. I run errands
and that's it.
I'm not your secretary. I'm not
your mother. I'm not your pal.
I'm not involved.
Now. you get over here
and take care of your business.
[SIGHS]
Hello. Stephen. I haven't talked
to the appraiser yet.
I'll do it next week.
[WHISPERING]
Let's go. Get out of here.
Oh.
Oh. Well. I'm sure she'd love
to carve a pumpkin with you.
Well. thank you
for the invitation.
but I think you two are... You'd
be better off on your own.
Because I wouldn't have
the first idea
how to be around you
right now. Stephen.
No. I already told you.
it's over.
No marriage counselor.
I'll have Molly call you.
Oh...
Oh. sweetie.
Oh. I am so sorry.
I didn't mean
for you to hear that.
Oh.
[SIGHS]
[ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS]
SYLVIE [OVER MACHINE]:
Mary. I know you're there.
Why won't you return my calls?
We have to talk about this.
[MACHINE BEEPS]
Hey. it's bad form to screen
calls. Mary. Pick up.
Pick up.
[♪♪♪]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
May I help you?
[SCREAMS. GASPS]
What do you think you're doing.
sneaking up on me like that?
What are you doing
casing the house
like a Jehovah's Witness?
I am looking for Mary. okay?
I've left her a lot of messages
and she hasn't called me back.
She's not here.
Where is she?
Out of town.
What about Molly?
Molly is at school.
That's where the kids go
during the week.
[CHUCKLES] Cute.
Are we done? I have a lot to do.
Besides. your Pradas
are wrecking my perennials.
[♪♪♪]
[BRAKES SCREECH]
It's Jason.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Ask him if he likes me.
No. you.
MOLLY: Oh. man.
[CAR LOCK BEEPS]
Who's that?
One of my mom's friends.
You'd better go.
Okay. well. see you later.
MOLLY: See you.
Hey.
Small world. isn't it?
So why aren't you in school?
I didn't feel like it today.
Huh.
So this is kind of a new look
for you. huh?
I leave the house in my uniform.
and then after school
I change into the stuff
I hid in my backpack.
A lot of the girls do it.
Huh.
Clever.
You wouldn't happen to have
a cigarette. would you?
Thanks.
Hey.
Does your mom know you smoke?
No.
And don't tell her.
I do it so I won't eat.
Your weight is fine.
I hate my body.
I wanna look like the models
in your magazine.
Nobody looks like those girls.
okay?
Not even them.
They're all airbrushed
and retouched.
Then why don't you just put
regular people in there?
I know. It's hypocritical.
Life is complicated.
Yeah. I'm just starting
to figure that out.
Do you wanna talk about it?
No.
Okay.
[CLEARS THROAT]
How old were you
when you had sex?
Thirty.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
It was horrible.
It hurt like hell.
And it was totally embarrassing.
because we had no idea
what we were doing.
We were up in his room
one night.
big Farrah Fawcett poster
staring down on the bed.
Star Wars sheets. It was...
[SIGHS] ...just tragic.
I didn't have sex again
for a really long time.
But then. I met somebody.
and it was worth the wait.
[LAUGHS]
We were crazy for each other.
and then magically...
Then it was all really easy.
So basically you're telling me
exactly what my mother would say
if I could even ask her.
Don't have sex
until you're in love.
No.
No. I've... I've had pretty great
sex just for the hell of it.
I won't lie to you.
But there's no sex
like the kind you have
when you love somebody
and they love you back.
You'd make the coolest mother.
Really? No. I wouldn't.
Really?
I don't know.
Kids don't seem to take to me.
You'd be a great mom.
Not like mine.
I can be in the same room
with her
and it's like
she's not even there.
Listen to me. Molly.
I know you're going through
a tough time.
and if there's anything you ever
wanna talk about.
just call me. okay?
Promise you'll call me.
Tell me you promise.
I promise.
Okay.
So where is your mom. anyway?
[♪♪♪]
HELENE: All right. everyone.
Take a deep. cleansing breath.
[ALL EXHALE]
Look around.
Respect the power of nature.
This is why you have come
to The Camp.
Let it heal you.
So... divorce?
How many?
[ALL MUTTERING]
WOMAN: Hold on. I'm coming.
Don't start without me.
Oh. my God.
[LAUGHING] I'm sorry.
Oh. I'm just not used
to getting up
at the crack of frigging dawn.
Excuse my French.
[LAUGHING]
Is this the time
you always start?
Because I'm pretty sure the lake
will still be here at noon.
We always canoe at dawn.
I always fake my orgasms.
That doesn't make it right.
[♪♪♪]
HELENE: Let's go.
Lift.
[ALL GROAN]
Swing.
Hoist.
You've got to be kidding.
Turn.
Oh.
March.
[♪♪♪]
Oh. please.
God.
[LOCK AND CHAIN JANGLE]
Forget it.
[GASPS] Oh!
Oh.
I already tried it.
[SIGHS] You scared me.
How bad an idea was this
in a place with a padlocked
refrigerator?
[LAUGHING]
[SIGHS]
Leah. right?
Right.
Mary. I am just so hungry.
I'm starving.
You'd need the Hubble Telescope
to see what they put
on our dinner plate.
This place makes Betty Ford
look like Disneyland.
and I ought to know.
I ran screaming
out of Betty twice.
Oh. Look at that.
Oh. no. No. thank you.
How did you get that in here
anyway?
They even took away my Altoids.
I made friends with Buck.
the ranger boy.
Another. guess what.
aspiring actor.
I thought I'd left them all
behind in La-La Land.
You know. where your dentist
is writing a screenplay.
and your gardener's
playing Willy Loman
down at a dinner theater
in Torrance.
He got me the joint.
I took his head shot.
Are you an agent?
Uh. what do you think?
How long have you been an agent?
Oh. since 1852.
At ICM. they call me
the Countess.
I can turn anybody into a star.
even our little ranger boy.
And why not? Look at him.
He's so cute.
He's cute. I'm bored.
My guest house is empty.
Who knows? He could turn out
to be the next Michael Douglas.
Another dirtbag who left me.
by the way.
So. what are you in for?
Oh. well. I just ran away
from home.
I got fired from all my jobs:
wife. mother. daughter.
And then I broke up
with my best friend. which...
You know. that was the worst.
I just bailed
out of husband number four.
Four?
No. five.
Five?
I keep blocking one of them out
because he...
He tried to kill me.
What?
We were on a ski lift in Aspen
and I fell.
Well. wh... What did you do?
Oh. believe me.
I took care of him.
By the time I was done.
there was nothing left
but the hair plugs
and the asphalt on the driveway.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Ooh. Shh.
What?
[LAUGHS]
Why do you keep getting married?
Oh. L'amour. l'amour.
In the end.
that's really all there is.
Okay. All right.
give me that thing.
I haven't done this since I was
a freshman in college.
I ate an entire tube
of toothpaste.
Wait.
Okay.
All right.
All right. here's the thing.
I'm just a good person.
you know. I just am.
I... I really try to do the right
thing. I do. I try to...
You know. I... I let the person
with the one item go ahead of me
in the grocery line.
I give money to homeless people.
I recycle.
I never cheat.
Okay. well. once. I cheated.
Really?
Yeah.
I was playing Monopoly.
I was the little top hat.
and I moved it
a couple extra spaces there.
But I was just a kid.
so that probably doesn't count.
So why am I going
on and on about this?
What was my point here?
Oh. boy. a talker.
I'm gonna have to figure this
out. you know.
I am.
I gotta figure out why.
at this particular juncture.
my whole world
has come tumbling down.
Can you not Bogart that. please?
Thank you.
I've spent an entire lifetime
trying to be everything
to everyone.
and somehow.
somebody is always disappointed.
You know. my dear.
sometimes there's a reason
why people's paths cross.
Let me give you
Leah Miller's secret to life.
Don't give a shit about anybody.
Be selfish.
Because once
you ask yourself the question.
"What about me?"
everything changes
for the better.
I mean. after all. who are you?
What do you want. Mary?
[KT TUNSTALL'S "SOMEDAY SOON"
PLAYING]
♪ I think it's time
To put myself away ♪
♪ Seek out a little silence ♪
♪ Close the doors
And sit a while ♪
♪ Walk a little ♪
[CLICKING]
♪ I'll turn myself
Into the grass ♪
♪ And I'll grow ♪
♪ Gonna stretch out
Both my arms ♪
♪ I'm gonna
Test the temperature ♪
♪ Follow the taste of it ♪
♪ Jump in ♪
♪ Swallow it whole ♪
♪ Even though
I know my way around ♪
♪ Even though ♪
♪ Possibly there's something
New I found ♪
♪ Possibly I Possibly I ♪
♪ Holding on
For finding solid ground ♪
♪ Even though
I know my way around ♪
♪ Even though ♪
♪ Possibly there's
Something new I found ♪
♪ Possibly I Possibly I ♪
♪ Holding on
For finding solid ground ♪
♪ Holding on ♪
♪ Someday soon ♪
Oh. Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Hi. I'm looking for my mother.
Catherine Frazier.
How's she doing?
She's still in some pain.
but that's to be expected.
She's in there.
Oh. thank you.
Right there.
NURSE: You know. it'll be nice
up in your room at this time...
Mom?
[GROANING]
WOMAN: Nurse.
NURSE:
Get you something for the pain.
Mom?
No.
Mary.
Over here.
Oh. Mom. Does it hurt?
I just spent thousands
of dollars to look rested.
Of course it hurts.
You look great.
Oh. thank you. thank you.
I just can't believe
you did this.
Have you looked around lately?
There are no 60-year-old women.
I was the only one left.
No. Mom. I'm happy
you did what you wanted to do.
Really. really.
What have you always said to me?
Don't look back. no regrets.
Uh. I'm so full of shit.
I have plenty of regrets.
I regret I never accomplished
anything of my own.
I was ambivalent.
And frankly. I wanted things.
A big house. beautiful clothes.
It was easier
to get status from your father
than to get it for myself.
I know I failed you
in a lot of ways. Mary.
But probably none more
than that.
No. Mom.
Do you wanna have
a little bit of tea there?
Thanks.
Well. I've been thinking
about going back to work.
Not for Dad.
I wanna design
my own collection.
Whoa.
What brought that on?
Hitting bottom.
Having nothing left to lose.
I highly recommend it.
Oh!
If it wouldn't blow out 80
stitches. I'd be smiling now.
I don't wanna take on
more than I can handle.
Just a small collection.
Where are you
going to get the money?
I'll find some backers.
What about my inheritance?
Oh. no. Mom.
I never did anything with it.
What could be a better
investment than you?
No. that's not why I came here.
Oh. please.
I'm in no condition to argue.
[LAUGHS]
You know something?
Someday. when I'm sitting here
with my head in a helmet.
I hope my daughter has
as much love for me
as I do for you right now.
Hm.
You are even more
full of shit than I am.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
Ned. please. Um. I know.
It's not the strongest issue
I've turned out.
but next month
is a whole different story.
Bailey Smith is writing a
profile on Christiane Amanpour.
and Alex Fisher is getting me
some advanced material on her...
Ned. you can't do this.
Nobody turns a magazine around
in... In under a year.
Just give me three more issues.
okay?
I have got this great idea.
How about we do a whole issue
on revenge?
How to get it.
who to stick it to.
um. the lost art
of holding a grudge.
How to construct
the perfect rumor.
Um. the 10 best random acts
of getting even.
And we'll put a hot young
actress on the cover.
Yes.
Thank you.
Yeah. I think
it'll be brilliant too.
Okay. then.
I'll see you in the morning.
Hello?
Molly?
Where is everybody?
MAGGIE: Here.
Oh. Hey. Oh. Maggie.
All that fabric from Italy?
The whole dye lot was off.
I had to completely re-cut
a pattern
and the fit model
didn't show up.
But it is going to be good.
Maggie. it's gonna be so good.
Where's Molly?
She's out there.
What is she doing?
Well. she says
she doesn't want to be a woman.
Hey. Mol.
Wow.
You've got quite
a little bonfire going there.
I started it off
with the slenders
and now I'm adding the supers.
That's the trick.
Well...
Wouldn't it be just great
if when you're born.
they give you a rule book.
so every time you came up
against something
you had no idea how to handle.
you just look it up in the book
and there'd be the answer?
You know. I used to feel sorry
for the kids in my class.
Every other weekend with Dad
until Mommy's boyfriend
sleeps over.
then Dad gets you two in a row.
I used to feel sorry for them.
Now I'm one of them.
Listen. Molly. I know that
I haven't been here for you.
And I'm very sorry about that.
We have a lot to talk about.
I can't talk to you
like I talk to Sylvie.
You've been talking to Sylvie?
She's been helping me.
Well. I wanna help you.
Why won't you let me help you?
Because all you'll do is tell me
that everything
is going to be fine.
and it's not.
Dad's living in an apartment
that barely has any furniture.
That Crystal woman
is coming over all the time.
She doesn't even call first.
Then she leaves stuff behind.
A dress. a purse.
I don't think he even really
likes her that much.
He's just lonely.
He misses you.
Molly. I can't.
I just can't.
I know. I remember.
I used to watch you get ready
to go out with Dad.
And you'd let me put on your
dresses and your high heels.
and draw on some lipstick.
I wanted to be you.
I'm gonna go call Sylvie.
[DOOR OPENS]
[SIGHS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[♪♪♪]
Hey.
Mary.
Hey. I wanna know what you're
talking to my daughter about.
I... I promised her
I wouldn't discuss it.
She's having emotional problems.
now you decide to be discreet?
Well. I... I thought she needed
a safe place.
I'm the safe place. okay?
That is my job. not yours.
I'm the mother. not you.
She said she loves me.
Yeah. you never have to say no.
You show me
the stretch marks. baby.
and you can do
all the mothering you want.
And what is this. casual Friday?
It's Wednesday.
Yeah. I know.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Something.
Look. let's just drop it. okay?
I didn't mean to cause problems.
I was just trying to help.
Don't you ever
get tired of saying that?
[GASPS]
How dare you reprimand me
for stepping in
where you should have been
all along?
You have not been there
for your daughter. Mary.
You've not been there
for anybody.
How could you be.
when you're not willing
to face the hard stuff?
Don't you criticize me.
Let me ask you something.
Now that Molly trusts you.
are you gonna betray her
like you did me?
Do you have any idea how hard
it is to be your friend?
I tried to make it up to you.
What more do you want?
I wanna know how you can
sell out your best friend.
I hope that job
is worth it. Sylvie.
because it's all you've got.
I quit my job.
What?
What else could I do?
I was making
terrible compromises.
I can't believe you quit.
How could I be so out of whack
that I sold out my best friend?
Well. you were in
an impossible situation.
Of course you'd wanna
keep your job.
It's what you do.
and you're great at it.
Well. it's nothing compared to
being responsible for a child.
I don't know how you do it.
Come on. I'm a terrible mother.
Look what I'm passing down
from my own.
I can't even talk to
my own daughter about sex.
Well. it's easy for me.
I... I wasn't there changing
her diapers. I mean...
I know. you are helping me out.
You're doing me a really big
favor. Thank you very much.
Goddamn it. Thank you.
Anything I can do.
You have a huge job. huge.
I'm so glad
I never had children.
That's the last impermissible
thing you can say at a party.
that you don't want children.
Well. I'm gonna have a dinner
party and then you can say that.
Oh. my God. I'm exhausted.
Oh...
Oh. we're a mess.
I like your hair. though.
[BOTH SNICKER]
BOTH: Oh...
You know what?
I got my divorce papers today.
Oh.
All I have to do is sign.
and I can't seem to be able
to find a pen.
Mary. look.
it's the 21st century.
It's okay for people to fight
for their relationships.
You know what this feels like?
It feels like that...
That phantom limb syndrome.
You know that thing where
you lose a part of your body.
like an arm or something.
but you still have the sensation
that it's there?
Well. you know. I'm sure
Stephen feels the same way.
Oh. no. I'm not talking
about Stephen and me.
I'm talking about you and me.
Oh.
BOTH: Oh...
[♪♪♪]
Fan out.
Hi. remember me?
Oh. Mrs. Haines.
My nails are a mess.
But why wouldn't they be.
with what I've been through?
Do you have time?
No problem.
It's the least I could do.
Mary?
Sylvie.
Oh. hi. how have you been?
Oh. fantastic.
I just had
the most fabulous facial.
So how's it going with
you-know-who?
Oh. absolutely fantastic.
like we never skipped a beat.
And the sex is just
off the charts.
I am so jealous.
I think it's the whole
sneaking-around thing
that gives it its yummy edge.
There's nothing like
having an affair
with your estranged husband
to put the spark back in things.
Oh.
Oops.
Oh. my God. I'm such an idiot.
[LAUGHS]
I better go before I put
my foot in it again.
Oh. no.
Great seeing you. Mary.
Call me. okay?
Sure.
Well. that was awkward.
You don't still
see Crystal. do you?
You have to forget
what you just heard.
My life's been complicated
enough this year.
It's all safe with me.
Now. have you decided
on a color?
Yes.
Jungle Red.
[♪♪♪]
Are you sure. Tanya?
Oh. God. I can't believe
he's seeing her behind my back.
I'm practically
living with the man.
Doesn't anybody
respect rules anymore?
My father's taking me home now.
[SIGHS]
God almighty. you scared me.
I gotta go.
He said I should say good night.
Oh. well.
come give me a little kiss.
That's okay.
Oh. come on. We just spent
the whole weekend together.
It's hot in here
and I have my coat on.
All right. Well. good night.
Good night.
Uh.
Good night. who?
I asked you to call me
Aunt Crystal.
I don't want to.
Hey. you know.
I have bent over backwards
to be nice to you.
I fixed up your room.
I made you that amazing dinner.
Who screws up
macaroni and cheese?
That's not the point.
The point is
that I make an effort.
Why don't you make an effort?
What's your problem?
I don't like you.
[LAUGHS]
Come on. What kind of
stupid answer is that?
Everybody likes me.
What would your father say
if he heard you
talking to me like this?
I don't think he cares.
Why. what'd you hear?
What'd he say?
[SCOFFS]
Nothing.
Oh. by the way.
I won't be here next Friday.
My mother's having
a fashion show.
Yeah. it's something
she's always wanted to do.
and now she's doing it.
My father thinks it's great.
He finds the whole thing
kind of sexy. in a way.
You know. a woman coming into
her own and all that.
At least that's what
I heard him say.
Well. enjoy your bath.
[♪♪♪]
Stephen!
I don't know what they do
in your country.
but you don't throw the tinsel
in clumps.
We place it. We place it.
Okay. I'm ready to go.
Oh. my God.
This is it. the big day.
Look at you.
I don't know how you are
so calm and collected.
You must be freaking out inside.
Uta.
No. I'm really okay.
I always imagined myself
doing this.
I guess I just stood in
my own way. you know?
Listen. kiddo.
It doesn't matter
what happens tonight.
What counts is that
you showed up.
I always knew there was
someone else inside of you.
Thank you. Maggie.
You know. I just love you.
Okay. Here I go.
I'm going. And. uh. Uta.
you'll drop Molly in an hour.
Yup.
All right.
Maggie. can it be?
[DOOR CLOSES]
Are you involved?
Oh. shut up.
Here. decorate.
[ANNIE LENNOX'S "WOMANKIND"
PLAYING]
♪ One more time
For the womankind ♪
♪ This is for the womankind ♪
♪ Check it out Check it out ♪
♪ One more time
For the womankind ♪
♪ Check it out Check it out ♪
You should be on
the Discovery Channel.
♪ To make the day seem like ♪
♪ Each cloud contains
A silver lining ♪
♪ I would be so happy ♪
♪ If he belonged
With me forever ♪
♪ But I know It's not to be... ♪
It's got so much blue in it.
We gotta get her a different...
I see that.
Just give me a second.
All right.
Mary.
Hey.
Excuse me just a second.
Mom. can you believe
the turnout?
All the best boutiques are here.
If I throw up.
will you hold my hair?
It's going to be great.
By the way. your father
stopped by earlier.
and said to tell you
he didn't think you had
this kind of talent.
Fantastic.
Don't be bitter. Mary.
It leads to Botox.
Listen. I'm not sure about the
opening sequence of the show.
And I think you need
to reconsider
where you place the coats.
Mom. when you said
you'd underwrite me.
I... I didn't think it meant
that you'd be popping by
every five minutes
with helpful suggestions.
But you said
you'd value my input.
That's what you say
when you take a lot
of money from someone. Mom.
Nobody ever means it.
Now. go find a seat.
Just take a look
at those coats again.
Skinny.
WOMAN 1: Don't bother Mary.
WOMAN 2: Okay.
Hey. Oh. honey. what are these?
They just came.
They're from Dad.
They're from Dad?
Hey. hey.
Fingers crossed for me. okay?
Okay.
Mom?
Yeah.
This is really cool.
[♪♪♪]
Excuse me.
Hi. Edie.
You look very rested. Catherine.
[ANNIE LENNOX'S "MONEY CAN'T BUY
IT" PLAYING]
♪ Money can't buy it ♪
♪ Baby ♪
[CAMERAS CLICKING]
♪ Sex can't buy it ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ Drugs can't buy it ♪
♪ You can't buy it ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ I believe that love alone
might do these things for you ♪
♪ I believe in love alone
Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Money can't buy it ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ You can't buy it ♪
♪ Ooh. baby ♪
♪ Now. hear this
Pay attention to me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a rich white girl
And it's plain to see ♪
♪ I got diamonds
You heard about those ♪
♪ I got so many
That I can't close ♪
♪ My safe at night In the dark ♪
♪ Lying awake in a sick dream ♪
♪ I believe that love alone
Might do these things for you ♪
♪ I believe in
The power of creation ♪
♪ I believe in love alone
Yeah. yeah ♪
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
[MOUTHING] Thank you.
Oh. Mary. I am so proud of you.
Okay. Mom.
[CRYING]
Oh. everything was beautiful.
Okay. Mom.
I... I...
I guess I'm just living
a little vicariously.
Maybe even jealous.
A little competitive.
Mom. more than I need to know.
Okay.
I'll take Molly home.
Mary.
All right. tell it to me
straight. what did you think?
It was transforming.
But it doesn't matter
what I think. okay?
This is the lady
whose opinion counts.
Glenda Hill. I'd like you
to meet Mary Haines.
This is the head buyer
from Saks Fifth Avenue.
HILL: Hello.
Oh. oh...
Wow. wow. I didn't
realize you were coming.
Well. I don't ordinarily
crash fashion shows.
but Sylvie called me.
insisted that I come.
Said I'd be missing something
if I didn't. and she was right.
Really? Really?
I don't know what to say. aw.
It's a small collection.
but I find it fresh and forward.
I assume you'd be open to some
changes for the Saks customer.
HILL: Hemline here.
maybe a jacket there.
Saks Fifth Avenue
is gonna order my clothes?
Well. we'll start
with the New York store
and if the clothes do well.
we'll expand to all 59 stores.
And of course. we need
everything shipped by spring.
HILL:
Are you geared up for that?
I think she's a little
shell-shocked.
[LAUGHS]
Would you mind if
I think about it?
Think about it?
[SCOFFS]
Well. don't think too long.
What do you have to think?
I have to think about it.
What is there to think about?
Mary.
It was so amazing.
And we are so proud of you.
And I am so sorry that I
won't be able to stay longer
to help you celebrate.
But my water just broke.
What?
[♪♪♪]
[EDIE GROANING]
Are we in the right place?
Are you all right?
Hang in there. Edie.
Here comes another contraction.
Oh. my God.
Oh. God.
MARY: The contractions are
only a couple of minutes apart.
EDIE: Every baby comes
faster than the one before.
My last one came
in just two hours.
It's okay.
Excuse me. our friend
is having a baby.
We need a room right now.
so we need you guys to hurry up.
Does she have insurance?
Insurance?
She doesn't need insurance.
Have four. get the fifth one
free. get her a room.
Oh. I feel another one coming.
[SQUEALS]
Another one coming.
They're a minute apart.
One minute? She's got a minute.
She's got a minute.
Okay. okay.
I'll take you right to
the delivery room. and. uh...
Who's the birth coach?
I am.
Oh. no. I want Alex to do it.
What. me?
It'll be a good
experience for you.
Don't... Don't worry.
I'll help you through it.
[MOANING]
Oh. my God.
EDIE: Whoa!
This is gonna be a big baby.
Don't point that thing at me.
Edie. it's loaded.
Come on. honey. come on.
Let's go.
Glenda Hill?
She is an arbiter of taste.
She's a really big deal.
why didn't you jump on that?
Well. I don't think I want
such a big order.
You don't wanna be a success?
Depends on how
you define it. you know?
I mean. I. uh...
I'd be very happy
with just a little
boutique business.
And I have a daughter
who really needs me right now.
Your daughter looked at you
today in a new way.
You gave her a mother who got
something for herself.
That's important.
Remember when they said
we couldn't have it all?
I believe we can have it all.
the question is. do we want it?
I don't want it all.
I just want a nice piece of it.
I don't want it all either.
because it's exhausting.
We can handle anything.
we'll be each other's wives.
Do you know how lovable
you are. Sylvie Fowler?
Do you have any idea
how love able you are?
That's so funny you say that.
because I met a guy.
You met a guy?
I'm thinking of giving him
my real phone number.
How did it feel?
Oh. I don't know.
I... I think it was because...
No. no. no.
No thinking. how did it feel?
I felt like... I felt like...
I couldn't talk.
I had butterflies.
Like that time I found
my dog at the pound.
Aw.
We're very close.
You better come inside.
[EDIE SCREAMING]
I want my husband!
Where the hell is that schmuck?
ALEX:
Coming. for crying out loud!
You are not doing the breathing
right. what is so complicated?
It's like this:
[HYPERVENTILATING]
Somebody get here
before her head spins off.
I've got your back.
Yeah. yeah.
It's okay.
hey. is that Jungle Red?
MARY: Okay.
SYLVIE: Nice.
Focus on my voice.
focus right on my voice.
Honey. focus on my voice.
Here comes another contraction.
MARY: Okay. now. use it.
Use it. Edie. just use it.
[LOUD GROANING]
I am never having sex again.
Sew me up right now.
Okay. so you got through
that one. honey.
you got through that one.
How's she doing?
We're a couple pushes away.
This baby has a big head.
Oh. can you see it?
Oh. God. it's the head.
Okay. okay. okay.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
It's me. it's me.
Hello? Stephen?
NURSE: A strong one is coming.
Mary. Mary.
Okay. hold on. okay.
Edie. Edie. just...
See that Christmas tree?
Just focus on
that Christmas tree
and send all your pain
right there.
[SCREAMING]
NURSE: That was a good one.
[EDIE GASPING]
[BLUBBERING] I'm not gonna
make it. I'm not... Oh. God.
Edie's having a baby.
can I call you back?
No. no. don't hang up.
talk to him.
Alex. I just...
Oh. my God.
MARY: He wants to go on a date.
Good.
Good? I don't think
I can get past everything.
You can get past it.
just like Alan did.
What? Whoa. back up.
Come on.
[GROANING. SPITS]
Whoa.
Oh. don't look so shocked.
Five years ago.
it just happened.
When Alan found out.
it nearly killed him.
And that nearly killed me.
But he forgave me.
Not right away. but he did.
And you know why?
Because he's a good man.
He knew I loved him.
And I love him and he loves me.
And we love the kids.
And now I'm gonna stop
because I am so exhausted
and I want this kid
out of me right now.
Get it out!
Okay. Stephen.
here it is. here it is.
I'm gonna own up
to my part in all this.
How could I share myself with
you if I had no idea who I was?
I want things now that I've put
aside. and I'm gonna get them.
And anybody
who is a part of my life
is gonna have to want
those things for me.
But this is gonna
be hard. Stephen.
This is hard. hard. work.
Trust doesn't happen overnight.
And if you can accept
all of that.
I will see you Tuesday at 8.
That's all I have available.
I'm a very busy person.
We're crowning.
I gotta go.
Okay. ladies.
Get her shoulders.
get her knees.
Her shoulders and her knees.
Okay.
One more push. Edie.
Here we go.
[SHRIEKING]
[BABY CRYING]
Congratulations.
It's a boy.
[ALL SQUEALING]
You did it. I did... I did it.
Edie had a baby.
[BOTH SCREAMING]
So beautiful.
Look at you. you have a boy.
Oh. my goodness.
Oh.
Hi. little boy.
[ALL WHISPERING]
Hello. little baby.
Sweet boy.
♪ Yesterday wasn't easy ♪
♪ Made a wish by the bay ♪
♪ And the tide took
Your heart away ♪
♪ Lift your head up
Really hear me ♪
♪ When the water is rising ♪
♪ You can't close your eyes
And pray ♪
♪ Trust in me
To make it better ♪
♪ Can carry you through
To the end ♪
♪ We'll get free
From stormy weather ♪
♪ Can count on me
I'll be your friend ♪
♪ Suddenly it gets clearer ♪
♪ With our hands on the wheel ♪
♪ We can turn
What you feel around ♪
♪ Better days
Are drawing nearer ♪
♪ And there's no way. nohow
And nobody to stop us now ♪
♪ Trust in me
To make it better ♪
♪ Can carry you through
To the end ♪
♪ We'll get free
From stormy weather ♪
♪ Can count on me
I'll be your friend ♪
♪ You can count on me
♪ Do. do. do. do. do
Do. do. do. do. darling ♪
♪ You can count on me ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey
Do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
♪ Do. do. do. do. I'll be there
Whenever you need ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey
Whereever you are ♪
♪ I'm not very far
I'll be by your side ♪
♪ To make it all right ♪
♪ Trust in me
To make it better ♪
♪ Can carry you through
To the end ♪
♪ We'll get free
From stormy weather ♪
♪ Can count on me
I'll be your friend ♪
♪ Trust in me
To make it better ♪
♪ Can carry you though
To the end ♪
♪ We'll get free
From stormy weather ♪
♪ Can count on me
I'll be your friend ♪
♪ You can count on me
[♪♪♪]
[WOMAN SCATTING]
I think real beauty
is real authenticity.
And it's pretty much
as simple as that.
I think a sense of humor
is really a beautiful thing.
People become beautiful
when you feel their confidence.
Because the beautiful thing
about being a woman
is that we are so many things.
Honestly. it takes some
cultivation to know who you are
with all the mixed messages
and different kind
of cultural demands
of who you should be.
Be kind to yourself.
Because I promise you. it will...
It will come and it will evolve
and you will see
just how spectacular
your "differences" are.
Being a woman is a gift.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org